# duck-doc
A markdown documentation generator for duck packages

# Setup
Clone the repository and open .sln in your favourite IDE (JetBrains Rider is preferred).

The solution contains 2 projects:

## documentation-generator
This project is a .net console application project. It builds a command line app that takes in xml files and assemblies generated by c# code. The project can be built, and the cli tool can be used. Alternatively there is a run configuration integrated. (See more in the how to use section)

## sources
This is a unity library project, that builds a unity compatible .dll. It's also configured to output the documentation to an xml file. Both into the build directory (/bin/Debug). The xml and the dll can both be used by the documentation-generator

# How to use

There is 2 ways to use this project to generate .md documentation for a library

## 1. Using the `sources` project. (Recommended)

Add any code you want to generate documentation against into the directory `\sources\modules` and add into the `sources` project. This can be done easily by just cloning directly into here. (Don't commit the changes though).

Now use the run configuration "Default", which will compile the `sources` project into a .dll and a .xml, and then the `documentation-generator` app will be executed with the .dll and .xml passed as arguments. The documentation will be generated as .md files in the same output directory. `documentation-generator\bin\Debug`.

## 2. Using the cli.
Run the cli tool with all required arguments

| Name, shorthand | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
|--xmlFile, -x | Yes | A path to the xmlFile used. This file should be generated by compiling a .net projectm with "Generate Documentation" set to true |
|--assembly, -a | Yes | A path to a .dll assembly matching the xmlFile specified (both are generated from the compilation process |

